hi guys welcome back I don't have a
cooking episode wasted today we're heading to
China but inside this plane
besides me Gianmarco and Enrico there's also
my cousin Beatrice and Beatrice is a
master of spring rolls which are
the dish we're going to make  today,
so let's stop talking, let's start straight away with
the ingredients, we're no longer using it
to make the spring rolls, we'll
need cabbage, attach 2 carrots,
one, salt, salt, peppery white pepper, the seed
oil and some pastry
for the spring rolls for  the
fundamental things the first I didn't think that
so few ingredients were needed for the spring rolls the second is that I did
n't think that so little time was needed
we'll show you a recipe that is actually
very quick the third is that of the
most difficult ingredient i.e.
these puff pastries are easy  to be found
in Asian markets
you can usually find them frozen and if
you want to know what our brand is and
this one if you couldn't capture
these a few seconds Beatrice are the
best you know we have put an
Amazon affiliate link below
you have the possibility to order some
strips that always do their job
but which are transparent in the end
but still good anyway let's move on to the
process okay sorry
this recipe will be very quick I recommend
you subscribe to this channel
activate the notification bell and
above all if you were to make
these at home too  things here I recommend htc
on instagram it makes me very happy to know
when I see that in reality whose
favorites no we are pleased when I see
that in reality some of our
recipes are then remade this thing
makes me very happy very much piss
guys we haven't said anything more
important that we also
always ordered this is jean marc 700
milliliters of sweet and sour sauce
I take a bath with this friends
I am very excited first of all because
I love cutting cabbage everyone has their own
obsessions and secondly because I have always
thought that the reasons in reality were
one thing that is impossible to do is the
thought of being able to do them today
galvanizes me so no okay you can see
the wonder then this one here actually
withers all over real bob quick behind
the camera look they are really
brothers they are portraits how they
ended up find the differences don't  I find them
very similar in reality I have to
sauté the onion or bitonto
together first train the onion
desert robot but leave the whey alone
this closed attitude bed
camera bully
my goodness how many brackets here's the ball
I have to remove the cobweb magical and with
the other thing I'll make a statue of
your penis here it is flayed right
boys girls put likes you too
would like to see receive if the super
powers to kill Enrico with the look
I'm amazed that is Enrico takes back the
carrots placed everywhere he doesn't film while I
cut them in half  please guys
because we have to do now is to make them into
strips
but what is this what I can't tell you about
one thing I thank God it's not a
penis I'm already taking steps forward affection and
the moment seven years to do this thing
is not  but it's easy to do it to evaluate the
painting now guys
mammamia st savoy cabbage with
onion
let's open the bad when you feel I'll do it
then if you make strips and reacting
you know that you're drinking there's the blog but sony
worked and I'm happy that it seems like a
cousin below you see a  like he
hadn't seen her since at least the beginning of
the audio but there are pieces of things
from her
anyway there are a lot of crazy people in
my opinion who don't like onions
if you don't like onions explain to me
why he wasn't good in prison because
it felt watered it's not worth oh god how
do I blow up this figure it started
badly seeing as the hood this one yes trust
and I hope they're forgetting the salt
the pepper let's immediately add a little bit
of white pepper without exaggerating let's let it
go right he's looking out Pilate
in the end what did he do  the brother
we are very delicately we take
a solid of the beautiful ones
we close fair we press at this point
inside inside
between a little bit of water put it here and tac
very nice this move we
stole naturally online from who
we stole the christie there is not
something that  I'm still not understanding the
culture of its sides if you look at my
mother's life from 72 my anger
close the sides well guys I advise
with the cabbage that opens perfect I
have this in my blood girls I've always
said that I'm in the East in  my
blood
we have reached the end everything
these here are our rolls
some that I made the most beautiful ones
Enrico made the ugliest ones a
photo rewarded regenerated and in any case
they are not among the ugly ones they
are not Enrico's ones for
Frankenstein's ugly one  and we're okay,
your uncle Susan went against us, this very
delicate moment that we all are in has
failed, the recipe is already right, they take
please be careful, don't
always move with Perna's head, he's good at that
world, he's saving himself, he's the soldier
ryan this first round for from frames at
this point it is clear inside
the others that it was attached that they are
if he still had the insides of his
comrades who died in the war
now to cute and oh god they are the insides
of the comrades
rap cooking they had left us  22
Prague in the hope and
I would say they survive by frying everyone and jumping
straight to the tasting, as a child
I have always been averse to
oriental culinary culture but over time I am
rediscovering myself so much so that my
secret dream is to die in the East
somewhere  poisonous insect oh my God they are a
little soft and broken this stuff here is a
bit like the carryover that is the front is very
very pretty peter see the flaw
open that mine as a presentation
is not bad my first attempt and in any case
I am satisfied it is
visually reminiscent of a  roulade the opinion was
where to touch and it's a completely different thing and
whoever in Valkyrie was in front will be
generous if beauty lido even though they
are my children six and a half the rave six
and a half good but not exceptional in any case in
my opinion 7 he deserves it  I give a
passing grade, however, because in any case I
recognize that it is a complicated technique and
therefore I am well known for
the smell of the east,
wow, the smell of the east will be really
close and you saved from China the smell
of the insects that will kill me, I
also love the cabbage, it smells like  lot and it's
crazy in a dizzying way we climb
this ranking we arrive as far as
I'm concerned at a seven and a half ten almost
8 and from seven thirty sure and a half
I fell well flavor chapter done the
first two very quickly because he
wanted to get to this I would like to
taste first  without sauce so a
cure
very good we rested a bit
from this sauce it is an
edible deity they slightly lost the
crunchiness it was a little rested it lost
a bit of crunchiness but wow guys
and very good very good cortino flat and
half because you can feel that  they
rested a little too long the wines lost
a bit of crunch I didn't expect it to
come out so truthful compared to
the standards I know we didn't
make eight less flavor 8 with the fake
they really earn 8 plus a
successful search well easy to do it's right it makes
stuff  here from davey remedied
somewhere how much are you willing to pay for
these rolls they are really nothing
filled with nothing but that fried together
suddenly takes you to the East 2 euros
no more for the lever couple 52 euros
at most the portion of these the
I would pay 2 euros because they are also the
little ones I would give my debit card to
buy one and something much more
difficult to create instead you can make them
at home girls you make them please tag
g pateri and with this sauce we
also leave this one here friends description
of  booty is called harry to be a
version they are made to allocate no
but they are not even personal facts
together as it is meeting
the multi one is called enrico the
gryffindor sauce they are made precisely to go
together but terry simply could
also go to 7 green this
right match  no because in reality
they are also good with soya the roll is
called grid and the Olymp sauce guys
as always if you want at the end of
this video let us know below in the
comments above all in your opinion what
the roll is compared to the sauce
since we haven't yet  we have found the
perfect combination
having said that subscribe to the channel but
please do it for real because if it doesn't
seem like injuries in the areas to ask for it
activate the notification bell and
give us a big thumbs up perilla
because the things that should be eaten so
something else save enter inside  a
large vase see you Thursday at 12
with another video bye
but I can't believe that once I was doing the rap I
was doing the live broadcast I was waiting for it to
turn off